[Music]
food an important part of our daily
lives now
Panasonic meat grinders can make both
dining and food preparation more
enjoyable ingredients finely ground by
extra sharp precision ground cutting
edges high-performance grinding all
Panasonic meat grinders are designed for
quality with attention to the smallest
detail let's see why their performance
is so outstanding first let's watch one
in action the Panasonic meat grinder
grinds meat more quickly and smoothly
than the other grinder comparing the
results the choice is obvious the
Panasonic meat grinder grinds meat more
finely and evenly than the other grinder
the secret is the specially designed
grinding mechanism let's take a look
point 1 sharper cutting edges crucial to
a meat grinder performance are the
cutting edges of the blade and screw
conveyor
[Music]
Panasonic meat grinders feature a screw
conveyor with an edge that sharp enough
to cleanly cut meat
[Music]
thanks to the blades extra sharp edge
meters cut finely and evenly point to a
narrow groove pitch in Panasonic meat
grinders the groove inside the chamber
has a narrow pitch so meat is extruded
smoothly without clogging point three
screw conveyor rotation the Panasonic
meat grinder rotates about 2.2 times
faster than the other grinder so it
grinds more quickly with a finished
volume about 2.6 times larger sharper
cutting edges a narrow groove pitch
screw conveyor rotation these design
features give you fine cleanly ground
meat and make food preparation quick and
easy
adding joy to cooking
[Music]
now let's look at the main features of
Panasonic's MK ZG 1500 meat grinder a
rotary switch with reverse rotation if
the meat grinder gets jammed
you can unjam it by switching to reverse
rotation three types of blades for
grinding meat to three levels of finest
polish diecast parts and a premium
design in glossy black these are the
four key features high quality fine
grinding people choose Panasonic meat
grinders for reasons they can trust
[Music]